This repository contains my project submissions for ECE 661 - Computer Vision
- hw1 is a python script that uses homogeneous coordinates to determine if a given aiming angle in a space-invaders-type game will result in a hit with the triangle-shaped spaceship
- hw2 covers estimating homographies between images and applying them to each other to perform simple transformations
- hw3 is about removing projective and affine distortions from various images using 2-step and 1-step techniques
- hw4 is a python script that uses a variety of techniques to extract interest points from images and find correspondent points between pairs of images of the same object. My implementation uses a Harris corner detector, the SIFT algorithm, and the SuperPoint/SuperGlue framework
- hw5 expands on hw4 and utilizes the point correspondency matching techniques to find the interest points, then feeds them into RANSAC to perform outlier rejection, and finally estimates the homography from the inliers and refines the homography to result in a panorama image made of 5 individual images as input
- hw6 uses a custom-built Otsu algorithm to extract the foreground and background from an image. This segmentation was performed on both the individual R, G, and B channels as well as a sliding-window texture classified image to compare performance
- hw7 covers texture descriptors. This contains a python script that implements Local Binary Patterns (LBP) from scratch, as well as a new form of LBP that utilizes each individual channel from the HSV representation of the image for a richer classification of the texture. These two descriptors, as well as VGG19 and ResNet50 encoded feature descriptor vectors were then used to train an SVM to detect 4 different types of weather present in a dataset of images taken of the sky. The performance was then compared between each texture descriptor
- hw8 is about camera calibration. An automated corner detection module is used to find the corners of a calibration board, and Zhang's method was implemented from scratch to calibrate the camera's intrinsic and extrinsic parameters.
- hw9 is a python script that performs stereo rectification and depth map creation from two images of the same object. Additionally, it contains a module that forms the disparity map of a rectified stereo pair and compares accuracy to ground-truth disparity.
- hw10 implements Principal Component Analysis (PCA) and Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) for dimensionality reduction to aid in the manifold clustering problem for a face classification task. PCA and LDA accuracies are compared with each other, as well as with a Variational Autoencoder (VAE).
